2007-03-28
----------
- One annoyance after today's work is that I still haven't found a
  way to properly make the table fit at startup. As soon as you move
  a slider or change the size or position of anything it all fits in
  perfectly, but I can't seem to programmatically make it that way
  at the start.
  (Update 2008-07-18: Is this valid? It seems ok with current
  builds...)

2007-06-27
----------
- INVALID? Discovered that the dates are incorrect... need to
  revise the date calculation mechanism...
  UPDATE: Can't reproduce this bug, everything seems fine.
  UPDATE2: Experiemented with dates and time zones in Mac OS X and
  discoverered that sometimes it does behave strangely, with a half
  hour offset added without reason. This must be investigated at
  some point.

2008-07-18
----------
- Launcher: With the current argument structure, a user can NEVER
  open a file called "-invokeuac".
  It's not very likely that any that anyone would need to open a
  file by that name, but HFSExplorer should be able to handle it.
  Proposed solution:
  The switch
    -invokeuac
  is replaced by:
    -- -invokeuac
  This means that one of the arguments "--" or "-invokeuac" is not
  alone sufficient to trigger elevation. This means that
  hfsexplorer.exe can easily be run with "hfsexplorer.exe --" for a
  file called "--" or "hfsexplorer.exe -invokeuac" for a file called
  "-invokeuac".
  As long as we only allow one file at a time to be opened by
  HFSExplorer, this scheme will work for all cases.

- FileSystemBrowserWindow.main: A problem similar to the above issue
  occurs with the switch "-dbgconsole". A similar solution should be
  developed. Make sure the two solutions don't invalidate each other.

2008-10-04
----------
- Sometimes the title of the backing storage (filename/device
  path/device path with partition system and number) is displayed
  incorrectly, for example when we load Partition0 with MBR partition
  scheme and a partition number, only Partition0 is displayed.
  Ex. runfsb \\?\GLOBALROOT\Device\Harddisk3\Partition0
